DOC-1530: Update the create capital deposit mutation (#662)
swan-io/docs: docs/topics/capital-deposits/france/guide-create-case.mdx

     1. `companyName`
     1. `companyShareholders`
     1. `individualShareholders`
     1. `onboardingCapitalDepositCompany`
1. `companyName`: Enter the name of the future company (line 4).
1. `companyShareholders`: Add required information about company shareholders (starts on line 6).
   1. Add the `capitalDepositAmount` the company shareholder deposits (starts on line 7).
   1. Add the `onboardingInfo` object to prefill the company shareholder's onboarding information (starts on line 13).
   1. Add the `accountCountry` value (mandatory) and select the country code of the account's local IBAN (line 14).
   1. Prefill information about the company shareholder's `individualUltimateBeneficialOwners` (starts on line 53) and `representatives` (starts on line 78).
1. `individualShareholders`: Add required information about individual shareholders (starts on line 101), including their `capitalDepositAmount` (starts on line 107) and `onboardingInfo` (starts on line 112).
1. `onboardingCapitalDepositCompany`: Add the company onboarding object to start creating the future company account (starts on line 137).

>    - Note that `individualUltimateBeneficialOwners` (starts on line 174) and `representatives` (starts on line 221) should match the shareholder information entered in steps 3 and 4.

Reviewer: This should be a call out: 

:::caution Match your shareholder data
`individualUltimateBeneficialOwners` (starts on line 174) and `representatives` (starts on line 221). Every person you list here must match the shareholder information you entered in steps 3 and 4.
:::

Author: ```suggestion
   :::caution Match your shareholder data
   Every person listed in `individualUltimateBeneficialOwners` (starts on line 174) and `representatives` (starts on line 221) must match the shareholder information entered in steps 3 and 4.
   :::
```

          companyType: Company
          email: "companyshareholder@mybrand.fr"
          isRegistered: true
          language: "fr"
          monthlyPaymentVolume: Between50000And100000
          name: "MyBrand Company Shareholder"
          registrationNumber: "853827103"
          taxIdentificationNumber: "853827103"
          tradeName: "MyBrand CS"
          typeOfRepresentation: LegalRepresentative
          vatNumber: "FR90853827103"

          oAuthRedirectParameters: {
            redirectUrl: "https://www.mybrand.fr"
          }

          residencyAddress: {
            addressLine1: "91 rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré"
            addressLine2: "Batiment A"
            country: "FRA"
            city: "Paris"
            postalCode: "75008"
            state: "Ile de France"
          }

          legalRepresentativePersonalAddress: {
            addressLine1: "10 rue Duris"
            addressLine2: "Batiment A"
            country: "FRA"
            city: "Paris"
            postalCode: "75020"
            state: "Ile de France"
          }

          individualUltimateBeneficialOwners: [
            {
              firstName: "Jules"
              lastName: "Fleury"

>               birthDate: "1990-06-01"

Reviewer: Just a note - in the API reference it says: Birthdate of the shareholder in the YYYY/MM/DD format.

Author: The API reference descriptions do say `YYYY/MM/DD` (same string on the UBO, representative, and individual shareholder inputs). Keeping `YYYY-MM-DD` here though, I ran this exact mutation in the Explorer nd got a success payload, Martin's example used dashes too, and it's the ISO 8601 format we use everywhere else in the docs. The `YYYY/MM/DD` wording looks like a loose description string in the schema rather than the actual accepted format.
